chore(tip-1059): revert discount for pure payment settlement (#5499)
tempoxyz/tempo: tips/tip-1059.md

## Applying the discount

> A transaction that satisfies the eligibility rules is charged the discounted payment gas price. A transaction that does not satisfy the eligibility rules is charged the normal base fee.

Author: ```suggestion
A transaction that satisfies the eligibility rules receives a fixed discount equal to the difference between the normal T6 base fee and the discounted payment gas price. At T6, the normal base fee is 20 billion attodollars per gas and the discounted payment gas price is 12 billion attodollars per gas, so the discount is 8 billion attodollars per gas.

The discount is subtracted from the transaction-derived effective gas price. Any effective priority fee remains payable.

A transaction that does not satisfy the eligibility rules receives no discount.
```

All transactions must authorize the normal base fee. A transaction with `max_fee_per_gas` below the normal base fee is not eligible for inclusion under this TIP.

> A transaction that receives the discount is charged the discounted payment gas price. A transaction that does not receive the discount is charged the normal base fee. If a transaction receives the discount, the unused authorized amount is refunded through the existing gas refund path.

Author: ```suggestion
A transaction that receives the discount is charged the transaction-derived effective gas price minus the fixed discount. A transaction that does not receive the discount is charged its normal transaction-derived effective gas price. If a transaction receives the discount, the unused authorized amount is refunded through the existing gas refund path.
```
